Come here
Bitch, did you see that?
That's my uncle's car
You also said that your mother did not seduce my uncle
As soon as I called, my uncle came to pick him up in person
5 million 5 million
He didn't even blink.
I really underestimated you vixen
I knew this earlier
Should ask for 10 million
It's not like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's not like that.
Come come come
It's not like that, honey.
Look at me haha
Your mom took care of 5 million
Then you can't drop the chain, can you?
Two o'clock this afternoon
My uncle will entertain General Ye at the Yingfeng Building
At that time
The leaders of the four major families will come
What else is there, Mr. Lu?
Wang Shao Liu Shao and Zhang Shao
Coincidentally, they are particularly interested in you
You just need to cooperate with me obediently
Let the four families on the Chen family stick
Apprentice is just around the corner
Beast you
You are an animal
I'm a beast
It's a pity that your mother has no eyes
Married you to a beast
Listen to me.
I want you to be a stepping stone for our Chen family
I want you to live and die
Miss Mu hurriedly called me over
Is there any order?
Drawing 5 million from my bank account
10 million
The answer is red
Their company has encountered some difficulties recently.
Encounter cash flow